<ui:composition template="template.xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions"
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
     
    <ui:define name="content">     
     
        <P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT class="aboutStyle">
        	<B>Background</B></FONT>
        </P>
        
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">The
				initial concept of the three Mobility Match Checklists was identified
				in a response to a request for applications from the </FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle"><I>North
				Carolina Council on Developmental Disabilities</I></FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle">
				(NCCDD). The call for the </FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Community
				Living Mini Grants, </B></FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle">September
				2023, was to address NCCDD's Goal 2 in its Five-Year State
				Plan: 
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.5in; margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">By
				2026, increase community living for individuals with intellectual and
				other developmental disabilities. 
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">Objective
				B, under Goal 2, specifically addressed transportation with a
				measurement of more individuals with I/DD will have transportation
				options to support community living and employment. Dr. Anne
				Dickerson submitted for one of the mini grants and was awarded the
				contract in December 2023. 
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%"><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">In
				a previous project for the American Occupational Therapy Association
				(AOTA), Anne Dickerson and Elin Schold Davis created an <I>Occupational
				Therapy Checklist for Community Mobility </I> (OTCCM) (Schold Davis &amp; Dickerson, 2017) specifically for
				older adults who were no longer able to drive.  Using this paper
				model, Dr. Dickerson proposed creating three checklists for three
				general categories of individuals:  Individuals with primarily
				intellectual disabilities, individuals with primarily physical
				disabilities, and autistic individuals. Incorporating technology, she
				and her team designed each Checklists to "match" the
				various types of community mobility (other than driving) to the
				unique strengths and challenges of individuals with disabilities. 
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%"><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">Ultimately,
				the Checklists were designed by Dr. Dickerson and her doctoral
				student, Ellee Hopkins, with expert feedback from Dr. Miriam Monahan.
				 The Checklists were drafted and revised based on expert review by a
				group of occupational therapists who work directly with one or more
				the three populations. 
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%"><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">Dr.
				Heather Panczykowski joined the team when Dr. Dickerson and Elle
				Hopkins applied to submit the Mobility Match for an </FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle"><I>I-Corps@ECU
				</I></FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle">project to further its potential
				use in the marketplace. With funds awarded from </FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle"><I>I-Corps@ECU</I></FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle">,
				the Mobility Match website was created and enhanced with additional
				monetary support from ECU's College of Allied Health Sciences'
				Office of Research.
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%"><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">
			    An international group of occupational therapists with expertise in driving and/or autism are collaborating to enhance the Mobility Checklist for Autism. 
			    In addition to Anne Dickerson, the other collaborators include Drs. Barbara Mazer and Isabelle Gèlinas from Canada, Dr. Carolyn Unsworth from Australia, 
			    and Dr. Miriam Monahan from the United States. Our goal is to use a Delphi method for consensus on the choice and wording of the skill items 
			    and matching to the types of transportation. There will be several iterations with therapists who routinely work with autistic individuals on community mobility.  
			    Once complete, the checklist will be updated and published in an appropriate journal.
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		
		
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; line-height: 115%"><BR/>
		</P>
   
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
  