<ui:composition template="template.xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions"
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
     
    <ui:define name="content">     
     
        <P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><B><FONT class="aboutStyle">Goal Attainment Scaling (GAS)</FONT></B></P>
        
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">
				While there are many ways to use the
				results of the Checklists, one important strategy is to collaborate
				with the individual with developmental disabilities to create goals
				and measure success.  One method is to use <I>Goal Attainment Scaling</I>
				(Kiresuk &amp; Sherman, 1968)<SUP>1</SUP> or GAS.
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><B><FONT class="aboutStyle">What is Goal Attainment Scaling?</FONT></B>
		</P>
			
		<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0.11in">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">
				Goal Attainment Scaling (GAS) is a
				personalized method for setting and evaluating progress toward
				specific objectives. Unlike traditional goal-setting techniques, GAS
				allows users to define their own <B>baseline and levels of
				achievement</B>, ensuring that progress is <B>meaningful and
				individualized</B>. The approach is particularly useful in
				healthcare, caregiving, research, and personal development.
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><B><FONT class="aboutStyle">How Does It Work?</FONT></B></P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle">
				Users start by identifying a <B>target
				goal</B> and setting a range of outcomes from <B>-2 (significantly
				below expectation)</B> to <B>+2 (exceeding expectation)</B>. This
				scaling system provides a clear way to assess improvement,
				challenges, and successes over time.
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><B><FONT class="aboutStyle">Why Use GAS?</FONT></B></P>
			<UL>
				<LI>
					<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0.11in"><B><FONT class="aboutStyle">Structured yet flexible</FONT></B>:
						<FONT class="aboutStyle">Adapts to individual needs while maintaining measurable outcomes.</FONT>
					</P>
				</LI>
				<LI>
					<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Encourages realistic
						progress</B>: Helps break goals into manageable steps.</FONT>
					</P>
				</LI>
				<LI>
					<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Enhances self-reflection</B>:
						Facilitates insights into challenges and strengths.</FONT>
					</P>
				</LI>
			</UL>
			<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.25in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><BR/><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in">
			<FONT class="aboutStyle"><I>1 - Kiresuk, Thomas J.; Robert E.
				Sherman (1968). 'Goal Attainment Scaling: A General Method for Evaluating Comprehensive Community Mental Health Programs'.
				Community Mental Health Journal. </I><I><B>4</B></I><I> (6): </I><I>443-</I><I>453.
				</I><A HREF="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doi_(identifier)"><I>doi</I></A><I>:</I><A HREF="https://doi.org/10.1007%2FBF01530764"><I>10.1007/BF01530764</I></A><I>.
				</I><A HREF="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PMID_(identifier)"><I>PMID</I></A><I> </I><A HREF="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24185570"><I>24185570</I></A><I>.
				</I><A HREF="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S2CID_(identifier)"><I>S2CID</I></A><I> </I><A HREF="https://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:25750989"><I>25750989</I></A><I>.</I>
			</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-left: 0.5in; margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><BR/><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Developing a GAS</B></FONT></P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in; margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle">A Likert scale is used to describe
			the levels of effectiveness of the interventions in using a goal
			attainment scaling, with a baseline.  The Table below shows an
			general example.</FONT>
		</P>
		
		<TABLE>			
			<THEAD>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Rating</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Description</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
			</THEAD>
			<TBODY>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>+2 - Greatly Exceeds Expectations</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle">The individual has made substantial progress, significantly
						beyond the expected goal outcome (i.e.: +2 or higher on the GAS
						scale). The intervention has led to remarkable success in
						achieving and surpassing the goal.</FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>+1 - Exceeds Expectations</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle">The individual has performed beyond the expected goal outcome
						but not as much at the 'Greatly Exceeds' level (i.e.:
						between 0 and +1 on the GAS scale). The intervention has been
						effective in helping the individual achieve the goal and develop
						additional skills or behaviors.</FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>0 - Goal Attained</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle">The individual has met the expected goal outcome (i.e.: 0 on
						the GAS scale). The goal has been fully achieved, and the
						individual is able to consistently demonstrate the desired
						behavior or skill.</FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>-1 - Baseline</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle">The individual's current performance is aligned with
						their baseline, showing little or no progress towards the goal
						(i.e.:  between baseline and expected outcome). Significant gaps
						remain between the baseline and the expected goal, indicating
						minimal progress or improvement.</FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
				<TR>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>-2 - Does Not Meet Expectations</B></FONT></P>
					</TD>
					<TD>
						<P><FONT class="aboutStyle">The individual has regressed from the baseline, meaning the
						intervention has been largely ineffective, possibly due to
						factors such as lack of focus, illness, personal circumstances,
						or other barriers preventing progress. The individual is
						performing below their baseline.</FONT></P>
					</TD>
				</TR>
			</TBODY>
		</TABLE>

		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><BR/><BR/>
		</P>
		
		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Explanation of Adjustments:</B></FONT>
		</P>
		
		<OL>
			<LI>
				<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Clarification of GAS
					Terminology</B>: The language around <B>+1</B> and <B>+2</B> has
					been refined to make it more consistent with the standard
					interpretation of GAS scales.</FONT>
				</P>
			</LI>
				
			<UL>
				<LI>
					<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>+2 ('Greatly Exceeds
						Expectations')</B>: Clearly indicates a level of performance
						that goes significantly beyond the goal.</FONT>
					</P>
				</LI>
				<LI>
					<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>+1 ('Exceeds
						Expectations')</B>: Indicates that the individual performed
						above expectations, but not to the extent of <B>+2</B>.</FONT>
					</P>
				</LI>
			</UL>
			
			<LI>
				<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Baseline as -1</B>: In GAS,
					<B>-1</B> is typically used to reflect performance that is <B>below
					the expected outcome</B> but still represents progress from the
					baseline. I've clarified this in the scale so that it reflects that
					the individual is still below expectations but is not at the
					<B>baseline</B> of no progress.</FONT>
				</P>
			</LI>
			
			<LI>
				<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Regression as -2</B>: The <B>-2</B>
					rating is defined as 'Does Not Meet Expectations,' which
					is a regression or lack of progress. I've retained the idea
					that this can happen due to factors outside the individual's
					control, like illness or external factors.</FONT>
				</P>
			</LI>
			
			<LI>
				<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle"><B>Consistency with Goal
					Outcomes</B>: The descriptions are now more clearly tied to the GAS
					scale's numeric outcomes (+2, +1, 0, -1, -2), so that each rating is
					grounded in clear criteria for assessment.</FONT>
				</P>
			</LI>
		</OL>

		<P STYLE="margin-top: 0in;margin-bottom: 0.11in"><FONT class="aboutStyle">This scale will help track the
			individual's progress over time, comparing their baseline with the
			expected goal and showing how effectively the intervention is
			supporting progress.</FONT>
		</P>
   
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
  