<ui:composition template="template.xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions"
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
     
    <ui:define name="content">     
     
         <h:form id="teamForm">                      
     
     	    <table style="width:100%; height:100%">
              	   
		    	<tr>
		    	
		    		<td>
		             
				     	<p:graphicImage value="/images/Dickerson.jpg"  width="100px" height="120px" />
						
					</td>
					
					<td>
		             
				     	<FONT class="aboutStyle"><A HREF="https://ot.ecu.edu/anne-e-dickerson/">Anne
							Dickerson,</A> PhD, OTR/L, SCDCM, FAOTA, FGSA is a professor in the
							Department of Occupational Therapy, East Carolina University. She is
							Director of the Research for the Older Adult Driver Initiative
							(<A HREF="https://ot.ecu.edu/roadi/">ROADI</A>) and current editor of
							</FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle"><I>Occupational Therapy in Health
							Care</I></FONT><FONT class="aboutStyle">.  Dr. Dickerson is an
							international leader in occupational therapy research in areas of
							older adults, driver simulation, and drivers with autism spectrum
							disorder, and driver rehabilitation. 
						</FONT>
						
					</td>
					
				</tr>
				
				<tr>
		    	
		    		<td>
		             
				     	<p:graphicImage value="/images/Panczykowski.jpg" width="100px" height="120px"  />
						
					</td>
					
					<td>
		             
				     	<FONT class="aboutStyle"><A HREF="https://ot.ecu.edu/heather-panczykowski/">Heather
							Panczykowski</A>, DHSc, OTR/L, FAOTA is an associate professor in the
							Department of Occupational Therapy at East Carolina University. She
							has extensive experience working with children and youth and
							continues to address their needs using complementary approaches in
							her research. Dr. Panczykowski holds multiple certifications that
							enhance her ability to create impactful programs tailored to the
							needs of children and young adults with special needs.
						</FONT>
						
					</td>
					
				</tr>
				
				<tr>
		    	
		    		<td>
		             
				     	<p:graphicImage value="/images/Hopkins.jpg"  width="100px" height="120px" />
						
					</td>
					
					<td>
		             
				     	<FONT class="aboutStyle">Ellee Hopkins
							is an occupational therapy student working towards her occupational
							therapy doctoral degree. Her dedication to individuals with
							disabilities was evident as she worked with Dr. Dickerson on these
							checklists ad a graduate assistant. Her OTD capstone project will be
							to enhance the community mobility checklists through multi-media
							education. 
						</FONT>
						
					</td>
					
				</tr>
	       
	        </table>	 
	       
	     </h:form>
   
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
  